the olives are anxious --a response to The Snow Has Transformed the World Into a Cemetery (p. 121)the bathroom is through the kitchen and the kitchen lights don’t lend themselvesto evening pees. there are tiny shards of glasstucked neatly between floor tiles. I leavemy slippers off and prance through the kitchenlike an eager bunny. my stomach is soft like lips my feet are hard but still bleed sometimes I openand close the fridgelike an accordion and I think about carving a sweet potatointo a shank Revision: the olives are anxious --a response to The Snow Has Transformed the World Into a Cemetery (p. 121)the bathroom     is lonely and the kitchen lights don’t do wellwithout evening pees. the weeping shards of glasspattern themselves like a family at dinnereach slice looking for a soft achy heel      to please. I leavemy slippers off and prance through the kitchenlike an Easter bunny. dinner is empty    our mom is in the wallsevery night the same fly peaks into my ear tries to converse with me, finds me boring,leaves. tells me about the conference of the oak trees and I don’t listensince each winter is warmerwithout my mother. my stomach is soft like lips my feet are hard but still bleed sometimes I openand close the fridgelike an accordion and imaginea herd of orb weavers in tearsand I think about carving a sweet potatointo a shank       I think Maya Popa is a refreshing voice for multiple reasons. Her works seem to pay homage to unusual subjects with unusual perspectives. In my opinion, some of the more poignant moments of her work involve her anthropomorphism of various life forms and objects in our environment that we wouldn’t usually consider. In her poem “The Bees are Cancelled,” she adopts a very rich and thorough narrative led by a bee. Bees continue to make appearances in her work, such as “Wound is the Origin of Wonder.” Popa seems to be fascinated by the way in which morsels of life are able to effortlessly practice that art of being while the complexities of human experience perpetually add depth of suffering.  I deeply admire Popa’s ability to hold a mirror to our experience through the perspective of our environments and surrounding creatures, the containers that hold and color our experiences without demanding anything in return.       With these thoughts in mind, I sought to elucidate and further expand upon the perspectives of the supporting environmental “characters” in my poem: the bathroom, the glass shards, a lone fly buzzing in the speaker’s ear, the oak trees of their hometown. I think a lot of our focus as poets is in human narrative, and less voice is given the earthly environments that selflessly grant us meaning; our sense of selves. Thanks to Popa, I think I’m going to make a concentrated effort to play with shifting my future narratives away from humans and towards the environment that supports us. 